hey there buddy Phil here for android
central.com and we are here with the LG
mock not the Optimus mock just the mock
this is on Sprint so it is a new slider
and it is surprisingly then if you see
that feels really really good so you've
got a four inch touch screen here this
is LG's new UI comparable to what we
have on the Optimus G and we'll take a
look at that here on Sprint in a second
so four inch touchscreen this WVGA so
it's not even qHD but really doesn't
look that bad it's a little soft
especially if you're used to the higher
resolutions you see down here in the
dock you've got phone messaging there's
Sprint ID so that is available on here
if you want it app drawer everything is
nice and fast
you know sprint hasn't overloaded this
with the apps again remember they don't
do that anymore it's them can't be said
for LG it's got all sorts of stuff on
here but everything is relegated down
into sprint zone so we're used to that
we like that that's a good thing so we
don't have data in here unfortunately
but the big deal about this phone I
would say is the keyboard it's a nice
keyboard the buttons are clicky you see
if you start typing it will start
searching and they are backlit and not
backlit but they've got cutouts and
backlit I guess and it is a nice little
keyboard so the keys have just enough
play to them good feel so for all you
business types you have to have your
keyboard it's there take a quick look in
the settings so we are running Android
4.4 on this Ice Cream Sandwich I would
imagine that jellybean update is in the
works at some point the other big deal
about this is going to be storage so
there's not a whole lot here onboard so
say API bytes plus the OS is taking up a
chunk of it but you see we've got an SD
card and we'll open up the back here and
you can take a look at that so a rouble
battery moogle SD card camera on the
back speaker down here actually that is
very much in line with how LG is
designing their phones now home screens
nice and smooth as LG has been prone to
do lately so you've got your usable
icons and widgets
notification bar pull down so you've got
all these quick settings up there that
LG is doing quick memo is there the live
qslide is there NFC so all the bells and
whistles LG has been throwing it as
products lately so we don't have
availability or pricing yet but this is
going to be kind of an entry-level
device for Sprint again the keyboard and
there you go quick look at the LG mark
on Sprint hey everybody its Phil from
Android Central if you want to help out
the site and look good go get the best
damn Android t-shirt anywhere from shop
Android calm
you